No more centroiding in Simple Aperture Photometry plugin (#1841)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/plugins.rst

2. Draw a region over the object of interest (see :ref:`imviz_defining_spatial_regions`).
3. Select the desired image using the :guilabel:`Data` dropdown menu.
4. Select the desired region using the :guilabel:`Subset` dropdown menu.
   You can use the :ref:`imviz-subset-plugin` plugin to center it first on the
   object of interest using its center of mass, if you wish.

>    Depending on the object, that may take several interations for recentering
>    to converge; or it may never converge at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Depending on the object, it may take several iterations for re-centering
   to converge, or it may never converge at all.
```
One typo fix, and ditches the semi-colon.

Author: Good catch. Thanks!
